Oh
Where is Shen Shi?
What are you doing here?
Shen's order
The decree is here
Like a thousand forests
Why don't you kneel?
I have not received the decree
You might as well read it to me
The judge of the cold palace is the daughter of the sinner
Guy is credited to the court
Exonerated from death penalty
Today, the emperor's dragon gift is like an opportunity to make up for your mistakes
Go to Bailing County in the name of the royal family to appease the people
Tonight, sometimes you can't go wrong
Qinji Bailing County
Then aren't you suffering from the plague recently?
Hundreds of people have died
The city gates are closed
No one dares to approach
How could it suddenly
Is the emperor going to let the empress die?
Shen shi
Get ready to go.
This is really what the emperor meant